Medical Director (m/w)
Munich
Competitive Base Salary + Bonus + Car/Car Allowance + Company Benefits Package
Our client is the world<U+393C><U+3E32>s leading provider of injectable drugs and infusion technologies. We currently have an excellent opportunity available for a Medical Director to join their growing German business.
Based within a commutable distance to Munich, as Medical Director, you will report into the Chief Medical Officer and will implement global medical affairs and clinical development strategies for our client<U+0092>s therapeutic areas (Oncology, Rheumatology and Gastroenterology) as well as be part of the CMO leadership team.  You will be accountable for the group<U+0092>s organizational effectiveness, including the design, development and implementation of medical affairs, clinical development and post marketing strategies and tactics. As the local Medical partner to the German commercial leader, you will establish and implement the Medical vision and strategy for the country to achieve business objectives while ensuring compliance with corporate, regional and local laws, regulations and medical standards. As one of the external voices to the scientific and medical communities you must be able to address a wide range of scientific topics including preclinical and clinical issues.
Key Duties of Medical Director:
Develop and implement strategies to effectively communicate and disseminate key efficacy, safety and economic data and other information to healthcare providers, payers and patients 
Lead the team to proactively identify, maintain and facilitate contact with physicians, key opinion leaders and scientific societies in order to improve relationships with scientific community
Have accountability for clinical development tactics and implementation for assigned programs.
Assure scientific appropriateness and consistency with clinical development strategy with regard to clinical sections of documents submitted to PMDA (Protocol, CSR, clinical regulatory documents such as CTD, BB, responses to PMDA inquiries and so on).
Ensure that clinical development programs are designed and conducted in a cost efficient manner within approved timeline optimally utilizing approved manpower and financial resources. Will align with VP clinical operations.
Responsibility for tactical execution of PMS activities and Post Marketing Clinical Study.
Accountable for local medical headcount, budgets and annual deliverables.
Directly accountable for a small team of Medical Professionals 
To be considered for the position of Medical Director, you will be an experienced Physician or have a scientific background with additional experience in Medical Affairs in the pharmaceutical industry. 
The successful Medical Director will have following skills and experience:
Qualified MD
Substantial clinical development experience in the pharmaceutical industry.
Extensive experience in an operational management and leadership role 
Demonstrate a working understanding of all areas of product development (pre-clinical development, clinical trial management, post-launch activities, Regulatory Affairs, and GCP).
Existing effective professional relationships with key opinion leaders
Have capabilities and knowledge and be comfortable addressing audiences on a wide variety of scientific topics 
Oncology experience highly beneficial.
In return, the Medical Director will receive a competitive remuneration package and an opportunity to join a growing, world leading organisation
To apply, please send an up-to-date cv and cover letter to roz.hunter@monster.co.uk
